web/content/docs/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Introduction
description: Get started with Tabby - a powerful terminal-based HTTP testing tool
---

# Welcome to Tabby

Tabby is a powerful terminal-based HTTP testing tool with automated data generation, loop mode for stress testing, and template support. Think of it as curl, but better.

## Features

- **Template Placeholders** - Use `{{name}}`, `{{email}}`, `{{uuid}}` and more for dynamic data
- **Loop Mode** - Run requests multiple times for stress testing
- **JSON Support** - First-class JSON body support with template files
- **Simple CLI** - Intuitive command-line interface

## Quick Start

### Installation

```bash
go install github.com/nhdfr/tabby@latest
```

### Basic Usage

Make a simple GET request:

```bash
tabby get https://api.example.com/users
```

Make a POST request with JSON body:

```bash
tabby post https://api.example.com/users -b '{"name": "{{name}}", "email": "{{email}}"}'
```

## What's Next?

<Cards>
  <Card title="Installation" href="/docs/installation" />
  <Card title="GET Requests" href="/docs/get-requests" />
  <Card title="POST Requests" href="/docs/post-requests" />
  <Card title="Templates" href="/docs/templates" />
</Cards>

Commit message:

docs: Enhance installation guide and introduce Playground section
Improved the Tabby installation documentation to provide more options
and clearer instructions for users. Introduced a new section for the
Tabby Playground to encourage users to try the tool interactively
without local setup.

Key implementation details:
- Added a dedicated "From AUR (Arch Linux)" installation section to
  `installation.mdx` and a quick reference in `index.mdx`.
- Updated the "Using Go Install" description for better clarity.
- Created `playground.mdx`, a new documentation page dedicated to the
  Tabby Playground, describing its features and how to use it.
- Integrated links to the Playground from the main `index.mdx` page and
  as a helpful tip in `post-requests.mdx` for relevant context.
- Minor refinement to the "Building from Source" command to simplify
  `go build -o tabby .` to `go build -o tabby`.

Related components or files affected:
- `web/content/docs/index.mdx`
- `web/content/docs/installation.mdx`
- `web/content/docs/playground.mdx` (new file)
- `web/content/docs/post-requests.mdx`

web/content/docs/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Introduction
description: Get started with Tabby - a powerful terminal-based HTTP testing tool
---

# Welcome to Tabby

Tabby is a powerful terminal-based HTTP testing tool with automated data generation, loop mode for stress testing, and template support. Think of it as curl, but better.

## Features

- **Template Placeholders** - Use `{{name}}`, `{{email}}`, `{{uuid}}` and more for dynamic data
- **Loop Mode** - Run requests multiple times for stress testing
- **JSON Support** - First-class JSON body support with template files
- **Simple CLI** - Intuitive command-line interface

## Quick Start


### Installation

#### From AUR (Arch Linux)

```bash
yay -S tabby-cli
```

#### Go (latest)

```bash
go install github.com/nhdfr/tabby@latest
```

### Basic Usage

Make a simple GET request:

```bash
tabby get https://api.example.com/users
```

Make a POST request with JSON body:

```bash
tabby post https://api.example.com/users -b '{"name": "{{name}}", "email": "{{email}}"}'
```


## Playground

Try Tabby directly in your browser with the [Playground](/playground)!

- Test GET and POST requests interactively
- Experiment with template placeholders
- No installation required

Perfect for demos, quick tests, and learning Tabby’s features.

## What's Next?

<Cards>
  <Card title="Installation" href="/docs/installation" />
  <Card title="GET Requests" href="/docs/get-requests" />
  <Card title="POST Requests" href="/docs/post-requests" />
  <Card title="Templates" href="/docs/templates" />
</Cards>
