web/content/docs/post-requests.mdx, before:

---
title: POST Requests
description: Making POST requests with Tabby
---

# POST Requests

## Basic POST Request

```bash
tabby post https://api.example.com/users -b '{"name": "John"}'
```

## With Template Placeholders

Use dynamic data generation:

```bash
tabby post https://api.example.com/users -b '{"name": "{{name}}", "email": "{{email}}"}'
```

Each request will generate unique values for `name` and `email`.

## Using a Template File

Create a JSON template file:

```json title="template.json"
{
  "name": "{{name}}",
  "email": "{{email}}",
  "id": "{{uuid}}"
}
```

Then use it:

```bash
tabby post https://api.example.com/users -t template.json
```

## With Headers

```bash
tabby post https://api.example.com/users \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer token123" \
  -b '{"name": "{{name}}"}'
```

## Loop Mode for Stress Testing

Create multiple users:

```bash
tabby post https://api.example.com/users -b '{"name": "{{name}}"}' -l 100
```

This will make 100 POST requests, each with a unique generated name.

Commit message:

docs: Enhance installation guide and introduce Playground section (#3)
Improved the Tabby installation documentation to provide more options
and clearer instructions for users. Introduced a new section for the
Tabby Playground to encourage users to try the tool interactively
without local setup.

Key implementation details:
- Added a dedicated "From AUR (Arch Linux)" installation section to
  `installation.mdx` and a quick reference in `index.mdx`.
- Updated the "Using Go Install" description for better clarity.
- Created `playground.mdx`, a new documentation page dedicated to the
  Tabby Playground, describing its features and how to use it.
- Integrated links to the Playground from the main `index.mdx` page and
  as a helpful tip in `post-requests.mdx` for relevant context.
- Minor refinement to the "Building from Source" command to simplify
  `go build -o tabby .` to `go build -o tabby`.

Related components or files affected:
- `web/content/docs/index.mdx`
- `web/content/docs/installation.mdx`
- `web/content/docs/playground.mdx` (new file)
- `web/content/docs/post-requests.mdx`

web/content/docs/post-requests.mdx, after:

---
title: POST Requests
description: Making POST requests with Tabby
---


# POST Requests

> **Tip:** You can try POST requests and templates live in the [Tabby Playground](/playground) — no installation required!

## Basic POST Request

```bash
tabby post https://api.example.com/users -b '{"name": "John"}'
```

## With Template Placeholders

Use dynamic data generation:

```bash
tabby post https://api.example.com/users -b '{"name": "{{name}}", "email": "{{email}}"}'
```

Each request will generate unique values for `name` and `email`.

## Using a Template File

Create a JSON template file:

```json title="template.json"
{
  "name": "{{name}}",
  "email": "{{email}}",
  "id": "{{uuid}}"
}
```

Then use it:

```bash
tabby post https://api.example.com/users -t template.json
```

## With Headers

```bash
tabby post https://api.example.com/users \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer token123" \
  -b '{"name": "{{name}}"}'
```

## Loop Mode for Stress Testing

Create multiple users:

```bash
tabby post https://api.example.com/users -b '{"name": "{{name}}"}' -l 100
```

This will make 100 POST requests, each with a unique generated name.
